Add Staking Apps Page (#5294)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-nft-projects.md

slug: ../learn-nft-projects
---

:::info Community Page

> This is a community page. Feel free to submit a PR for review to add you NFT app to this page.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page is open to contributions from the community. Please follow the [Wiki contribution guidelines](https://github.com/w3f/polkadot-wiki#contributing-to-documentation) and add your NFT app to this page.

```
